---
layout: page
title: 
permalink: /privacy/
---

#Good JuJu Privacy Policy

Good JuJu respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we might use this information.

_Last updated:  May 8, 2014._

a. Information collected through JUJU. Good JuJu will only collect personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through JUJU, website, phone or e-mail correspondence.  We will collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve JUJU and better meet your needs.

b. How collected information may be used. Personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) will be used by Good JuJu to respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information on Good JuJu products and services, or track orders you place with Good JuJu.  It is Good JuJu's policy to respect the privacy of its customers.   Good JuJu will not monitor, edit, or disclose any personal information about you or your use of JUJU, including its contents, without your prior permission unless; a)  Good JuJu has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Good JuJu (iii) enforce the terms and conditions of this agreement; or (iv) act to protect the interests of its customers or others, or; b) from time to time Good JuJu will exchange e-mail address lists with like-minded companies. Good JuJu may provide certain user information in aggregate form to third parties, including potential advertisers, for demographics and quantity purposes.  Aggregate information does not reveal any personally identifiable information. In addition, your Internet Protocol address is transmitted with each message sent from your account.  Authorized third parties may be utilized by Good JuJu to collect, track, and process such information.  If you have submitted personal information to Good JuJu electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us.  We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.

c. Other information that may be important. JUJU may contain links to other sites or third party content.  We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy polices of those sites. Additionally, some web pages contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows the server to "recognize" you when you visit our website in the future.  Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you. It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information. Good JuJu reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.  We will promptly reflect any such modifications in these web pages. By using JUJU, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.  As we implement new technology and introduce new services, we will update our Privacy Policy, so we encourage you to review it often.

d. Sale of the business. Good JuJu will disclose information about you to a purchaser in the unlikely event that Good JuJu sells all or a part of its business or if Good JuJu is acquired by, or merged with, another entity.

GOOD JUJU CHILD PRIVACY POLICY. This App is not directed towards children; and children under the age of 13 should not submit any personal information. Good JuJu does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian.  Children under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Good JuJu only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian.  Where appropriate,  Good JuJu will instruct children not to submit personal information.  If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so by contacting (<a href="mailto:help@sharethejuju.com">help@sharethejuju.com</a>). Good JuJu will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.